Zhuo notebook submission (#497)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/README.md

	
| [401-object-detection-webcam](401-object-detection-webcam/)<br>[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/HEAD?filepath=notebooks%2F401-object-detection-webcam%2F401-object-detection.ipynb) | [402-pose-estimation-webcam](402-pose-estimation-webcam/)<br>[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/HEAD?filepath=notebooks%2F402-pose-estimation-webcam%2F402-pose-estimation.ipynb) | [403-action-recognition-webcam](403-action-recognition-webcam/)<br>[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/HEAD?filepath=notebooks%2F403-action-recognition-webcam%2F403-action-recognition-webcam.ipynb) | [405-paddleOCR-webcam](notebooks/405-paddleOCR-webcam/) |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | 

> |Object detection with a webcam or video file | Human pose estimation with a webcam or video file |  Human action recognition with a webcam or video file |  PaddleOCR with a webcam or video file |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Object detection with a webcam or video file | Human pose estimation with a webcam or video file |  Human action recognition with a webcam or video file |  Chinese language OCR with a webcam or video file |
```
